So your mission is to take this and this
and make it behave like it should, right?
So take about ten minutes, and
then we will review it together.
And if you want to,
if you're kind of using the project file,
this is currently hidden.
If you need inspiration,
if you need to cheat, you can go ahead and
unhide this one and take a look at it, but
then we'll implement it together in a few
minutes and learn all about constraints.
All right, so our mission was to make this
actually behave like a responsive webpage,
and then also we had a second
little exercise down there as well.
So let's go ahead and try out all these
cuz I think it's one of those things where
the first time you do it, it's not super
intuitive, but then if you do it enough,
you kind of get the muscle memory,
you just click around on a few things,
set a few things, and you're good to go.
So you can follow along and
watch me as I show off
the muscle memory that I have
accidentally earned over the years.
Okay, so looking at this we've got,
these will eventually be
little fake Instagram posts.
But let's start with the navbars first,
right?
So go ahead and
write by default left and top.
So in this case I want these left and
right.
And we do actually want the top
nav to stick to the top,
regardless of what we do to the frame, and
this will work even if I stretch it up.
I was stretching that.
Let's grab the actual frame, right?
The top stuff will actually,
now my bottom bar is following it, but
anything to the top will fall even
when we stretch it up to the top.
Cool, so let's do the bottom.
That's the same idea of left and right.
And we make the constraint at the bottom,
right?
And now if I grab the overall frame,
right, we're getting there.
But things fall apart a little bit
with these posts if I do this.
So in this case, I got two options here.
I could choose to scale them.
Let's see what that looks like.
And then if we don't like that we'll
try something else, so it will scale.
It's not gonna work but That could be
what I want depending on the effect
that you're going for, right?
It's stretching them out, but
it's not necessarily making them, keeping
the proportion, which is probably not the
experience that we're used to maybe for
a paragraph or
something along those lines.
But for
an image is probably not what I want.
So we can go ahead and instead of scale,
let's see what the difference is.
Well, I can scale them both, right?
That's also probably gonna be a little,
it all depends on the effect
you're going for, honestly.
But that'll give me this, which again,
maybe, and then the difference here where
we say actually keep them towards the top,
right, cuz they're not necessarily
supposed to stretch even if
the viewport becomes taller, right?
That's not usually how the web works.
And then we'll kinda keep them,
let's do a center in this case, right?
And that's maybe what we might normally
see maybe there'd be some responsive
breakpoints that would go into two columns
at one point, and if we did left and
right it's gonna be very similar
to the scale on this case, right?
But I think for the effect that we want,
let's go with center.
Cool, that feels like
a very rudimentary web app.
Awesome, and with this one, let's see.
There's a few more pieces involved, but
let's see how it breaks when
I grab the overall frame.
Nothing moves, and in a lot of ways,
this is not dissimilar
from what we had earlier.
So we'll grab this top piece again,
this will,
we will actually want
the overall header in this case.
So do that to left and right.
Now we've got two pieces down here.
So we'll go ahead and we'll actually
say that this will stay to the bottom,
and I think we want both
of them at the bottom.
And that'll get us almost there,
you'll see obviously the image
is not set up for this yet.
Okay, interesting, I need to take both,
at least the middle nav with the bookmark
and make that left and right as well.
So let's go ahead and we'll do that.
Okay, now we gotta deal with the image.
So with this one scale is again not
gonna do necessarily what I want, but
let's do it anyway to see.
The problem with scale is
it will scale literally and
get all kind of distorted as well.
So in this case,
let's actually do left and
right, and top and bottom.
And now it kind of keeps its
dimensions a little bit better.
You can see that it will fill the space
rather than getting distorted as well.
And that feels kind of a nice responsive
component that we can kind of put into
design and
have it actually react appropriately.
Now that was inside of a frame then you
can theoretically take the overall,
eventually we'll get to the point where
these are then components all the way
down, right?
We've got constraints on
each individual piece of UI.
We've got their place in the container,
each piece, so
as we go ahead and figure out all
of the different breakpoints,
because the one thing that I have
learned the hard way particularly when
working on implementing Figma designs
as a developer is a lot of times
you'll get the designs and
they have 375 as your mobile viewport,
either 640 or 768 for
tablet, so on and so forth.
And you'll get the designs, and
each one of those breakpoints looks great.
You know it doesn't look right
anywhere in the middle of any
of those breakpoints, right?
And so the ability to kind of test that
out in the design versus the kind of back
and forth of, okay,
I did the breakpoints, and
then it's very easy once you've
implemented in code to take your browser,
I understand that Chrome has
those various response modes.
But we all know that the first
thing anyone does when they see
a new web page being implement is
they take the browser window and
do that repeatedly with it and
change the width of the window.
And that is sometimes how
I end up developing to,
what I'm actually writing the code, yeah,
I'll stay in those different viewports.
But a lot of times you'll see all the
various little intermediary phases where
things overlap, the contrast isn't
there so on and so forth, so
getting this set up in your
designs becomes super powerful.